README.md, before:

## About

This project was created with [express-generator-typescript](https://github.com/seanpmaxwell/express-generator-typescript).


## Available Scripts

### `npm run dev`

Run the server in development mode.

### `npm test`

Run all unit-tests with hot-reloading.

### `npm test -- --testFile="name of test file" (i.e. --testFile=Users).`

Run a single unit-test.

### `npm run test:no-reloading`

Run all unit-tests without hot-reloading.

### `npm run lint`

Check for linting errors.

### `npm run build`

Build the project for production.

### `npm start`

Run the production build (Must be built first).

### `npm start -- --env="name of env file" (default is production).`

Run production build with a different env file.


## Additional Notes

- If `npm run dev` gives you issues with bcrypt on MacOS you may need to run: `npm rebuild bcrypt --build-from-source`. 


## Database creation

```test> use no0days```

```no0days> db.user.insert({name: "User1", email: "email@email.com", passsword: "abc", active: true})```

Commit message:

add lint and prettier config, change user-controller

README.md, after:

## About

This project was created with [express-generator-typescript](https://github.com/seanpmaxwell/express-generator-typescript).


## Available Scripts

### `npm run dev`

Run the server in development mode.

### `npm test`

Run all unit-tests with hot-reloading.

### `npm test -- --testFile="name of test file" (i.e. --testFile=Users).`

Run a single unit-test.

### `npm run test:no-reloading`

Run all unit-tests without hot-reloading.

### `npm run lint`

Check for linting errors.

### `npm run lint:fix`
`
To run lint with prettier.

### `npm run build`

Build the project for production.

### `npm start`

Run the production build (Must be built first).

### `npm start -- --env="name of env file" (default is production).`

Run production build with a different env file.


## Additional Notes

- If `npm run dev` gives you issues with bcrypt on MacOS you may need to run: `npm rebuild bcrypt --build-from-source`. 


## Database creation

```test> use no0days```

```no0days> db.user.insert({name: "User1", email: "email@email.com", passsword: "abc", active: true})```
